# Getting started 

The goal for this book is to be a compilation of content received through pull
requests on github. This page is dedicated to those participating. If you want
to reveal more about yourself include a brief or long passage below. 

## Why did you get into tech to begin with?

I grew up as your average kid somewhere east of the iron curtain, which came
down just before I became a teenager. My parents took the approach of
integrating me in pretty much all of their activities: I got to repair cars,
build model railroads with my dad. Instead of playing on the play ground I
preferred playing on the pile of sand to be used for building stuff that always
took some space on our yard. I got to wash (like actually get wet and soapy) my
doll's clothes, water the flowers with my mom.

When I started drawing one of the templates I used used to be my mom's template
that during her studies she used for drawing flowcharts during her studies.
Apart from the fact that I was not the biggest fan of Kindergarden, the thing I
remember about this time was spending an hour of my afternoons each day at my
mom's workplace. Some of those days were particularly awesome as I got to play
snake on the only IT person's computer in the whole company: She had one of
those old machines with a green on black monitor. Other days I got to use one of
the spare type writers - the mechanical ones mind you, as they were less prone
to break under clumsy children's fingers. From then on I knew that when adult I
wanted to have a job that involved typing at a keyboard.

Fast forward a few years, I was in primary school. I got to visit our relatives
and for the first time play pinball on one of their computers. I won and broke
the highscore of my cousin. After that all I wanted for birthday and Christmas
was a computer of my own. My parents were clever enough to wait for the wish to
re-appear consitantly, after all those machines were pretty pricy back then.
They were also clever enough to avoid purchasing one of those learning
computers, instead I got an Amiga 500. Luckily another girl in our class had the same
model, so we could exchange games - until none were produced any more at which
point in time I decided to write my own.

My mom was kind enough to take me to the local library that had exactly one book
on computer programming which I absorbed. Months after instead of paper drawings
what she got as gifts were diskettes with programs that would make self drawn
pictures bounce on the screen.

All of the rest - having a teacher who knew how to keep me motivated even
through those boring power point sessions (he made his students format extracts
from Murphy's computer laws), getting into a decent computer science student
group, getting a boyfriend and now husband who was into systems engineering,
getting in touch with the hacker community, the open source community, the free
software community, the big data people is history by now.

I guess overall the typical tech story you hear all over the place - getting
your hands dirty early sets you off on a very advantageous foot.
