# Show them your life - like the real thing

I started bringing my child to conferences from a very early age (a couple of
months old actually). By now I'm surprised how much she feels at home at these
events. Was that always easy as pie? No way! There's this additional packing,
additional planning on how to get there, additional planning and cost for
accommodation. Has it been worth it? I believe YES! Not only does it mean more
family time. It also means the little one gets exposure to my daily life. She is
familiar with all those things I'm fascinated with since early age. No idea if
she'll turn away from it rather sooner than later, however at least I'll never
ask myself "what if". Also it just feels better to follow your own gut feeling
which in this case told me that I want to have that little human being see all
this crazy shit out there.

Was there something that helped me to begin with? Actually yes - a book I got
from fomer colleagues
https://www.amazon.com/Geek-Mom-Projects-Adventures-21st-Century/dp/0823085929?ie=UTF8&*Version*=1&*entries*=0
which has a chapter on bringing kids to conventions - including very good advice
on how to plan your first convention family trip.

## Remember why - always

You will get both - strange looks as well as smiles when bringing your children
anywhere where there are less children than adults - be it at work, during video
conferences, at real life conferences. You will ask yourself more often than not
whether or not you are doing the right thing.

Remember to seek others that have the same ideas as yourself to get support on
the how. Remember why you started doing that to keep the strength to continue.
Here's a few good reasons I came across, please do add yours:

### By a keynote speaker

I've been taking my first born to Fosdem for years. Europython was a coincidence
of events; I found myself babysitting and we decided to all drive there
together. It turned out fun. Since then I've taken them to any event where we
can overnight and when it fits their school schedule.

It has seemed strange to me that conferences don't encourage this more, as it
felt very natural at Europython and seems ideal to get kids to think of
technology as a social thing rather than just a screen.


### By an ops person

But it's important to bring them! How can children learn if they don't watch?
And how can they watch if they aren't there? Also, a lot of people in tech are
single and feel isolated and need to see parents parenting apart from a
screaming child on an airplane. :)

