# A note to conference organisers

So you want to make your conference child friendly? You don't know why parents
don't attend your event or don't bring their children? Here's  a few things I
found helpful when evaluating whether to go to an event or not.

## On timing

Only parents of non-school children are able to bring their offspring during the
week outside of vacation times. Vacation times vary from country to country, in
some countries even from state to state. So scheduling your event on a weekend
is a first bonus point for enabling parents to bring their kids. Bonus points
for scheduling the event during holidays.

## On imitation

Turning a kid unfriendly event into one that is child friendly takes more effort
than being child friendly right from the start. Usually parents imitate others
when bringing their kids. So in order to motivate them: Know those of your
attendees who are likely to bring their children. Tell them you want to be child
friendly. Provide initial support: This can be as simple as having drinks and
fruit for free all day. It can include a small carpet with some Lego Duplo toys
or some balls somewhere central. No need for day care or anything sophisticated
in the first year. Instead make sure there are children. Make sure they are seen
by other attendees. Make sure that what those other attendees see are efforts to
make these children happy.

## On information

If you have only local attendees bringing their kids all they need to know is
some basic information like what food will you provide, which kinds of drinks
and at what times. Will there be some place to play, will there be some toys.

If you have non-local attendees it gets a bit trickier: 

* Nappies are not sold in the same types of stores all over the world. If you
have babies attend, tell their parents the name of the shops where to get
nappies, bonus points for telling them shops close to the location, double bonus
points for letting them know if there is a local brand parents typically prefer
or stay away from.

* Parents will forget some baby supply. Bonus points for you knowing where to
get basic stuff like rain covers for strollers, drinking bottles, sports bottles
close to your location.

* If you have infants attend know that baby food in glasses is not sold in the
same shops all over the world. Certain types of baby food are even country
specific and may not be available in your location. One point for telling
parents where to get baby food close to your venue, bonus points for being able
to answer questions wrt. to the type of baby food on sale.



